The code in this repository was created for CS7641 at Georgia Tech
Supervised Learning Project (Assignment 1)

***
Python analysis code was originally obtained from [Jonathan Tay's GitHub repository] (https://github.com/JonathanTay/CS-7641-assignment-1) and edited to fit the needs of this assignment.



Location of originals: https://github.com/JonathanTay/CS-7641-assignment-1
***

The files contained in this repository run five different supervised learning alhgorithms.

The data for these files is contained in the 'data' folder.

FILENAME : get_data.pynb
    ** THIS MUST BE RUN FIRST ** Otherwise, other code will not work.
    This is a Jupyter notebook that takes the data originally 
    downloaded from the UCI Machine Learnng Repository, does a few minor 
    transformation to prep the data for analysis, and then outputs a CSV file of the cleaned/transformed data into the 'data' folder.

FILENAME: helper.py
    This file contains class definitions and basic functions used for anlayis by other files in this location. Functions from this file are imported via python import commands. This file creates output that is routed to the 'output' folder.

FILENAME: ANN.pynb
    Creates an artificial Neural Network using Multi-Layered Perceptron. This file utilizes the data prepped by get_data.pynb and functions in helper.py. This file creates output that is routed to the 'output' folder.

FILENAME: Boost.pynb
    Creates a boosted decision tree using ensemble methods of ML.
    This file utilizes the data prepped by get_data.pynb and functions in helper.py.  This file creates output that is routed to the 'output' folder.

FILENAME: DecisionTree.pynb
    Creates a decision tree using prepped data and DT classifier. This file utilizes the data prepped by get_data.pynb and functions in helper.py.  This file creates output that is routed to the 'output' folder.

FILENAME: KNN.pynb
    Examines best paramters for k-nearest neighbors algorithm and classifies/clusters the data. This file utilizes the data prepped by get_data.pynb and functions in helper.py. This file creates output that is routed to the 'output' folder.

FILENAME: SVM.pynb
    Uses SVM and two kernal function to classify data obtained from 'data' folder. This file utilizes the data prepped by get_data.pynb and functions in helper.py. This file creates output that is routed to the 'output' folder.

FILENAME: Graph_the_results.pynb
     ** THIS SHOULD BE RUN LAST** This code uses files (generated by other files in this directory) stored in the 'output' folder as input and creates a variety of graphs to better understand performance of different analyis methods. Graphs are saved to the 'images' folder in this directory.

SUBDIRECTORY: /output 
    Storage location for CSV files generated by the python code performing analysis that are located in this directory. Note that this subdirectory is empty, all output has been intentionally removed for the purposes of academiv hinesty.

SUBDIRECTORY: /images
    Storage location for graphs created by Graph_the_results.pynb. Note that this subdirectory is empty, all images have been intentionally removed for the purposes of academic honesty.

If a subdirectory of pynb checkpoints are still present in the reporsitory, please disregard them. Thank you.

If more information is needed please contact jandrew63@gatech.edu.


