
## Randomized Optimization Project
Assignment 2 for CS7641 at Georgia Tech, Spring 2019

Python analysis was based on code originally obtained from [Jonathan Tay's GitHub repository](https://github.com/JonathanTay/CS-7641-assignment-2) and edited to fit the needs of this assignment.

Classic optimization problems partly modeled after Genevieve Hayes' examples in her [mlrose documentation]
(https://mlrose.readthedocs.io/en/stable/source/intro.html). 
***

The files contained in this repository utilize four different unsupervised learning alhgorithms.

The data for these files is contained in the 'data' folder.

- FILENAME : **Part1_GeneticAlg.pynb**
  * Runs Genetic Algorithm on wine dataset (located in 'data' folder) using mlrose module. 
  * Outputs test run results to 'output' folder. Graphs images and saves them in 'images' folder.

- FILENAME: **Part1_RHC.pynb**
  * Runs Random Hill Climbing Algorithm on wine dataset (located in 'data' folder) using mlrose module. 
  * Outputs test run results to 'output' folder. Graphs images and saves them in 'images' folder.

- FILENAME: **Part1_SimAnneal.pynb**
  * Runs Simulated Annealing on wine dataset (located in 'data' folder) using mlrose module. 
  * Outputs test run results to 'output' folder. Graphs images and saves them in 'images' folder.

- FILENAME: **Part2.pynb**
  * Creates fitness function and defines problems for three classic optimization problems: 
    1. Travelling Salesman
    2. Four peaks
    3. Knapsack. 
  * Explores different paramter values for each algorithm and problem by using locally-defined functions. 
  * Results of each run are saved in CSV format in the 'output' folder.
  * Creates graphs and scatterplots to visualize the effects of parameter values on a models effectiveness and run-time.    
  * Images are displayed within the jupyter notebook but also saved in PNG format in the 'images' folder. 

- SUBDIRECTORY: **/output** 
  * Storage location for CSV files generated by the python code performing analysis that are located in this directory. 
  * Note that this subdirectory is empty, all output has been intentionally removed for the purposes of academic hinesty.

- SUBDIRECTORY: **/images**
  * Storage location for graphs created by .pynb files in this folder. 
  * Note that this subdirectory is empty, all images have been intentionally removed for the purposes of academic honesty.

If a subdirectory of pynb checkpoints are still present in the reporsitory, please disregard them. Thank you.

If more information is needed please contact jandrew63@gatech.edu.


